Add back `compute_cells` function (#4128)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/fulu/polynomial-commitments-sampling.md

### Cell computation

#### `compute_cells`

```python
def compute_cells(blob: Blob) -> Vector[Cell, CELLS_PER_EXT_BLOB]:
    """

>     Compute all the cells for an extended blob.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Given a blob, extend it and return all the cells of the extended blob.
```
